DESCRIPTION

    This is the project of an ircbot, named xnorfz,
    (re)incarnating xkcd-bucket and Orakel (a simple helper bot).

    For a nice documentation on the functionality of xnorfz, take a look at:
        - http://wiki.xkcd.com/irc/Bucket#Docs
        - http://www.html-q.net/orakel/

    Any bugs, feature requests or questions should be directed to Hurix at
    irc.quakenet.org.
    " This is kindof a perl-playground for me and its sole purpose is to
      entertain me and make me learn perl.
      If you haven't been entertained or didn't recieve any help with the
      functionality of this bot, it's not its purpose to do so!           "

INSTALL

    Download the source from here or fork it.
    
    Setup a database (MySQL recommended) and a user for this bot.
    Create the tables with the bucket.sql and insert the samples
    with the sample.sql.
    
    Edit your config files sample.yml and orakel.yml as much as you need.
    Rename sample.yml to bucket.yml.

    Install perl modules dependencies, listed below (this might take a while).

    Run it and start adding factoids.

    Note that there isn't a full database publicly available.
    THIS BOT PROVIDES ONLY CORE FUNCTIONALITY OF XKCD-BUCKET.

    If you encounter errors or need verbose advice, go to buckets
    installation instructions (http://wiki.xkcd.com/irc/Bucket#Installing).

    
DEPENDENCIES

    This perl script depends on the following modules:

    perl 5.10
    Config::Any
    YAML
    REST::Google::Search
    WWW::Google::Calculator
    WWW::Google::PageRank
    WebService::Validator::HTML::W3C
    WebService::Validator::CSS::W3C
    URI::Escape
    HTML::Strip
    HTML::Entities
    POE
    POE::Component::IRC
    POE::Component::SimpleDBI
    Lingua::EN::Conjugate
    Lingua::EN::Inflect
    Lingua::EN::Syllable

    Install them by using cpan.

AUTHOR
    
    Everything in this project is an enhancement or adaptation of two bots,
    written by memowe and zigdon. Thanks for sharing your source.
    All further enhancements and changes (see CHANGES) are written by
    Simon 'Hurix' Jerabeck (simon@hurix.de) if not explicitly refuted.
